first draft of 2024 script (#3)
chrisarevir/newsroom: 2024/script.txt

T: Good morning, I’m Troy

C: I’m Christian

T & C: and this is UIF News

C: Well Troy, it’s April 1st and you know what that means?

T: It’s Q2

C: Yes that’s right, it’s Q2 2024, even though I’m pretty sure yesterday was January 15th 2023

T: Time flies when you’re having Helix

C: It sure does, but speaking of 2023 that brings us to our top story.

[cut to solo medium shot of christian with dramatic pivot to secondary camera]
C: In what may feel like a scene straight out of classic 1993 film Groundhog Day, the UIF roadmap for 2024 is looking 
alarmingly similar to the initial proposal for the 2023 roadmap.
C: There have been a “growth” of concerns around the similarity, leaving some “division” among UIF members. 
C: Some are questioning if this was a foreseeable and preventable outcome, while Friedrich Nietzsche maintains 
that time is a flat circle and we are doomed to endlessly repeat our actions
T: [Off-camera] Nietzsche? Who let him on the team?

> C: Shut up Troy, this is my piece // can workshop interjection

Author: the goal is to later make a callback to "this is my piece" with a play on words. but i don't know if "shut up troy" or something like "hey now, this is my piece" is better. we can play around with delivery

Author: decided not to do this as we took out the later callback

C: In any case, sources close to the matter claim the 2024 roadmap has been named "Copy of 2023_roadmap final final",
indicating that this is in fact the actual roadmap.

T: Well that's comforting at least. Next up we'll hear from our man in the field [Jeremy or alt moniker], who
has been [intro to topic]. It's all yours [Jeremy or alt moniker]

-- Jeremy Segment --

T: Truly astounding, thank you [Jeremy or alt moniker] for your intrepid reporting as always.

C: We now have news of a breaking report abroad, picking up the case is our Foreign Corrospondent, [Nick or alt moniker]

-- Nick Segment --

C: I can think of 18 ways to describe that piece ///// i18n joke, l10n joke???

T: And now a few words from our sponsors

-- State Farm / DS ad --

-- Used Component Salesman ad --

T: Hello and welcome back. 
T: [Massive grin, holding back laughter] It is with extreme sadness I must report the passing of Core Labs
C: *gasp*
T: [still grinning] Yes, unfortunately, the much beloved and never problematic monorepo has finally bitten the dust
T: The funeral cake is still fresh in fact [eat cake]
C: Wait where did you get cake, I want some
T: shut up christian, this is my piece

> T: [mouth somewhat full of cake] The celebration of life has been carried out in several states, countries, and time

Reviewer: Dancing Coffin with core-labs written on it

T: The i18n team has recently released Get To Know 3 aka GTK 3. This exciting program will teach users all about the third
number. [bg image Sesame Street Count w/ 3] This release provides key functionality to complete our High Integrity Commitment
to HBO for the construction of Sesame Street

C: We have reports of a story breaking abroad, we are now going live with our Foreign Corrospondent, Nick

-- Nick Segment --

[---- camera back to both -----]

T: Arrivederci Nick, I hope you don't Rome too far from home. Legendary television and movie producer
Jerry Bruckheimer has expressed interest in Helix. Bruckheimer is rebooting his classic series Pirates
of the Carribean, and felt the Dock would be a perfect fit. In an interview, Bruckheimer said he loved
the Dock, calling it "iconic" --  ah correction he said it contained icons. It is unclear if Johnny Depp,
who played Captain Jack Sparrow in the previous films is attached to the project, but our sources say the Sidepanel is.

C: And now for our final segment, we have Brock from Procore HQ. How's the office?

-- Brock office --

T: And that was Procorelitzer prize winning journalist, Brock Noah.

> C: That's all of our stories for the day, thank you for watching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C: That's all of our story points for the day, thank you for watching.
```
